hey everybody this is Adam and this
repair I'm going to show you it works
for most remotes most of the time
there's not that many things inside a
remote they can actually go that wrong
so it's not too hard to fix first thing
you want to do though is test the
batteries because if you have weak
batteries that's obviously going to be a
problem make sure they're full batteries
pop them back in and then hold up an
iPhone or a camera or something to the
end of the remote you might have to turn
down the lights to do this push the
buttons now you should see a little
flashing light if you don't see anything
flashing in your camera screen then you
know you got a problem with the current
there so you have to open it up now you
can use little plastic tools so you
don't damage it so much they're going to
be clips all the way around holding it
together and there might be a screw
inside it in the battery compartment to
make it easier sometimes they do that
but usually you got to do something like
this and you're going to make a few
marks on the plastic but it's still
better than a totally dead remote so
just run your tools along and separate
all the clips and it should pop open and
there's just going to be the keypad in
the circuit board so look at your
circuit board really closely really
closely and see if you notice anything
wrong anything that looks out of place
anything looks burnt or maybe it has
battery acid that leaked somewhere if
everything looks normal then look we're
really close at the larger solder joints
if you see a little hairline crack in it
then that's the definite clue that the
solder joint just can't loosen and you
need to touch that up so to touch it up
just heat up a soldering iron and then
just tag each joint there did the
battery terminals and the capacitor
terminals and I'm going to do the led
terminals here even though I didn't see
any crack anywhere usually this is what
will fix it
pop in your batteries and you don't have
to fully assemble the remote you can
just put the keypad right aligned up off
of the little button contacts turn off
your light and point it at the camera
again and push the button and nothing so
not good enough okay usually capacitors
this small don't go bad especially since
they're low voltage and they're not next
to anything really hot this is a 10 volt
220 micro farad I'm running a test here
holding the contacts on and it's coming
up as 216 micro farad so this is a good
capacitor it's within range so there's
nothing wrong with that
I'll solder that back in and I didn't
tack all the solder joints here so I'm
going to re solder these three right
here now with those soldered I'll try
this little test again and what do you
know it was a weak joint there you'd see
the little blue little purple flashing
light so snap it back together it should
clip right back in hopefully if it
doesn't and it's loose you just use a
little superglue here and there and then
try it one more time just to make it
sure it didn't fool you hopefully this
video has helped if it has please click
like and always subscribe have an
awesome day